Include newly merged content from docusaurus langsmith (#216)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/user-management.mdx

- [Set up access control](#user-management): Configure role-based access control (RBAC) to manage user permissions within workspaces, including creating custom roles and assigning them to users.
- [SAML SSO (Enterprise plan)](#saml-sso): Set up Single Sign-On authentication for Enterprise customers using SAML 2.0, including configuration for popular identity providers.
- [SCIM User Provisioning (Enterprise plan)](#scim-user-provisioning): Automate user provisioning and deprovisioning between your identity provider and LangSmith using SCIM.

## Set up access control

<Note>

> RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) is a feature that is only available to Enterprise customers. If you are interested in this feature, contact the LangChain sales team at [contact our sales team](https://www.langchain.com/contact-sales). Other plans default to using the [`Admin` role](/langsmith/administration-overview) for all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) is a feature that is only available to Enterprise customers. If you are interested in this feature, [contact our sales team](https://www.langchain.com/contact-sales). Other plans default to using the [`Admin` role](/langsmith/administration-overview) for all users.
```

**Step 1: Create and configure the Okta SAML application**

**Via Okta Integration Network (recommended)**

1. Sign in to [Okta](https://login.okta.com/).

> 1. In the upper-right corner, select Admin. The button is not visible from the Admin area.

Reviewer: Not sure if we need any styling for things like Admin, Add Integration, etc. in these steps

| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `userName`<sup>1</sup>         | email address                                         |                         |
| `active`                       | `!deactivated`                                        |                         |
| `emails[type eq "work"].value` | email address<sup>2</sup>                             |                         |
| `name.formatted`               | `displayName` OR `givenName + familyName`<sup>3</sup> |                         |
| `givenName`                    | `givenName`                                           |                         |
| `familyName`                   | `familyName`                                          |                         |
| `externalId`                   | `sub`<sup>4</sup>                                     | 1                       |

1. `userName` is not required by LangSmith
1. Email address is required
1. Use the computed expression if your `displayName` does not match the format of `Firstname Lastname`

> 1. To avoid inconsistency, this should match the SAML `NameID` assertion (in cloud) and the `sub` OAuth2.0 claim (in self-hosted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To avoid inconsistency, this should match the SAML `NameID` assertion for cloud customers, or the `sub` OAuth2.0 claim for self-hosted.
```

### Step 3: Generate SCIM bearer token

<Note>

> In self-hosted environments, the full URL below may look like `https://langsmith.internal.corp.dev/api/v1/platform/orgs/current/scim/tokens` (without subdomain, note the `/api/v1` path prefix) or `https://langsmith.internal.corp.dev/subdomain/api/v1/platform/orgs/current/scim/tokens` (with subdomain) - see the [ingress docs](/langsmith/self-host-ingress) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In self-hosted environments, the full URL below may look like `https://langsmith.internal.corp.dev/api/v1/platform/orgs/current/scim/tokens` (without a subdomain, note the `/api/v1` path prefix) or `https://langsmith.internal.corp.dev/subdomain/api/v1/platform/orgs/current/scim/tokens` (with a subdomain) - see the [ingress docs](/langsmith/self-host-ingress) for more details.
```

2. Monitor the initial sync to ensure users and groups are provisioned correctly.
3. Once verified, enable `Delete` actions for both User and Group mappings.

For troubleshooting, refer to the [SAML SSO FAQs](/langsmith/faq#saml-sso-faqs). If you have issues setting up SCIM, reach out to the LangChain support team at [support@langchain.dev](mailto:support@langchain.dev).

#### Okta

<Note>
You must use the [Okta Lifecycle Management](https://www.okta.com/products/lifecycle-management/) product. This product tier is required to use SCIM on Okta.
</Note>

<div id="add-application-okta-oin">
  <b>Step 1: Add application from Okta Integration Network</b>
</div>

:::note

> If you have already configured SSO login via SAML (cloud) or OAuth2.0 with OIDC (self-hosted), you may skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already configured SSO login via SAML (cloud) or OAuth2.0 with OIDC (self-hosted), skip this step.
```

:::

See [SAML SSO setup](#okta) for cloud or [OAuth2.0 setup](/langsmith/self-host-sso#identity-provider-setup-okta) for self-hosted.

**Step 2: Configure API Integration**

> 1. In the Provisioning tab, select Configure API integration.

Reviewer: Similar comment here on styling things like Provisioning in these steps

1. Select Enable API integration.
1. For Base URL (if present):

- US: `https://api.smith.langchain.com/scim/v2`
- EU: `https://eu.api.smith.langchain.com/scim/v2`

> - Self-hosted: `<langsmith_url>/scim/v2` (note there is no `/api/v1` path prefix) or if subdomain is configured `<langsmith_url>/subdomain/scim/v2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Self-hosted: `<langsmith_url>/scim/v2` (note there is no `/api/v1` path prefix) or if a subdomain is configured `<langsmith_url>/subdomain/scim/v2`
```

> 4. For API Token, paste the SCIM token you [generated above](#step-3-generate-scim-bearer-token)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For API Token, paste the SCIM token you [generated above](#step-3-generate-scim-bearer-token).
```

1. Keep `Import Groups` checked.
1. To verify the configuration, select Test API Credentials.
1. Select Save.
1. After saving the API integration details, new settings tabs appear on the left. Select `To App`.
1. Select Edit.
1. Select the Enable checkbox for Create Users, Update Users, and Deactivate Users.
1. Select Save.
1. Assign users and/or groups in the Assignments tab. Assigned users are created and managed in your LangSmith group.

**Step 3: Configure User Provisioning Settings**

> 1. Configure provisioning: under `Provisioning > To App > Provisioning to App`, click `Edit` then
>    check `Create Users`, `Update User Attributes`, and `Deactivate Users`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure provisioning: under `Provisioning > To App > Provisioning to App`, click `Edit`, then check `Create Users`, `Update User Attributes`, and `Deactivate Users`.
```

1. Under `<application_name> Attribute Mappings`, set the user attribute mappings as shown below, and delete the rest:

![SCIM Okta User Attributes Mapping](/langsmith/images/scim_okta_user_attributes.png)

**Step 4: Push Groups**

<Note>
Okta does not support group attributes besides the group name itself, so group name _must_ follow the naming convention described in the [Group Naming Convention](#group-naming-convention) section.
</Note>

> Follow Okta's instructions [here](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-enable-group-push.htm) to configure groups to push by name or by rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow Okta's [Enable Group Push](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-enable-group-push.htm) instructions to configure groups to push by name or by rule.
```
